README.md, before:

# AminukanoPalindrome

Welcome to your new gem! In this directory, you'll find the files you need to be able to package up your Ruby library into a gem. Put your Ruby code in the file `lib/aminukano_palindrome`. To experiment with that code, run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt.

TODO: Delete this and the text above, and describe your gem

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'aminukano_palindrome'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install aminukano_palindrome

## Usage

TODO: Write usage instructions here

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/[USERNAME]/aminukano_palindrome. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the AminukanoPalindrome project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/[USERNAME]/aminukano_palindrome/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

Commit message:

Finish working and refactoring palindrome method

README.md, after:

# AminukanoPalindrome

A simple palindrome detector

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

```ruby
gem 'aminukano_palindrome'
```

And then execute:

    $ bundle

Or install it yourself as:

    $ gem install aminukano_palindrome

## Usage

`aminukano_palindrome` adds a `palindrome?` method to the `String` class, and can be used as follows:

```
$ irb
>> require 'aminukano_palindrome'
>> "honey badger".palindrome?
=> false
>> "deified".palindrome?
=> true
>> "Able was I, ere I saw Elba.".palindrome?
=> true
>> phrase = "Madam, I'm Adam."
>> phrase.palindrome?
=> true
```

## Development

After checking out the repo, run `bin/setup` to install dependencies. Then, run `rake test` to run the tests. You can also run `bin/console` for an interactive prompt that will allow you to experiment.

To install this gem onto your local machine, run `bundle exec rake install`. To release a new version, update the version number in `version.rb`, and then run `bundle exec rake release`, which will create a git tag for the version, push git commits and tags, and push the `.gem` file to [rubygems.org](https://rubygems.org).

## Contributing

Bug reports and pull requests are welcome on GitHub at https://github.com/aminukano585/aminukano_palindrome. This project is intended to be a safe, welcoming space for collaboration, and contributors are expected to adhere to the [Contributor Covenant](http://contributor-covenant.org) code of conduct.

## License

The gem is available as open source under the terms of the [MIT License](https://opensource.org/licenses/MIT).

## Code of Conduct

Everyone interacting in the AminukanoPalindrome project’s codebases, issue trackers, chat rooms and mailing lists is expected to follow the [code of conduct](https://github.com/aminukano585/aminukano_palindrome/blob/master/CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).
